you have a cracked screen iphone for
AT&T that's the back back seems to be
fine it's just the front you can turn
the screen on pls LCD is fine no damage
is there digitize it also seems to be
fine it's just simple crack on the glass
it may seem simple but the whole
procedure is quite complicated first you
have to remove the two screws as you see
there then you snap the glass down and
simply take it off be careful when you
take off that nothing else comes out
with it as you see here there are 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 screws that need
to be undone in order to reach the
actual glass see what I mean when I said
complicated
first when you take off the screw first
thing you want to take off is the
battery make sure you use something like
a putty knife because it's glued onto
the device here we have the battery and
the piece one thing you want to remember
when you take off the screws try to
organize them in a way like a jigsaw
puzzle that when you put it back the
correct screw goes into the correct slot
there are different sizes and different
types of screws in there and it's not so
easy to take the screws off because if
you put too much pressure the screw
might wear down as to the point where
you can't ever take it off
it would be helpful if you had a
magnetic screwdriver for the screw would
just stick on and you can simply pull it
off
whatever you're doing make sure you're
doing it on a flat surface so that if
the screw was to fall off it falls near
you doesn't go far away again like I
said different screws difficult to
obtain lift Kara
can video recording tokenization cariola
monitor cosmonaut Maria Corrine created
that across monitor recording period
Cosmo there comes off a couple of other
parts make sure you don't lose them
these are all the covers for the circuit
boards at the nostril my ticket
you